     * Impeachment Updates
     * College Prison Graduation
     * Carnival Cruise Collision
     * Prince Harry and Meghan
     * ICE Initiative
     * Heidi Broussard
     * Holiday Travel Record

     * News
          +
               o US
               o World
               o Politics
               o Entertainment
               o Health
               o MoneyWatch
               o Technology
               o Science
               o Crime
               o Sports
          +
               o
                    # Lawmakers locked in impeachment impasse as Trump
                      heads to Florida
                    # New ICE initiative gathers data on sponsors of
                      migrant children
                    # How Dickens made Christmas what it is today
                    # New Jersey becomes third state to ban discrimination
                      based on hair
                    # 6 dead after fire breaks out at apartment complex in
                      Las Vegas
                    # Prince Harry, Meghan and Archie spending "private
                      time" in Canada
                    # Police share photos of person of interest in college
                      student's murder
                    # Apparent porch pirate shamed into returning package
                    # Highlights from the historic week that Trump was
                      impeached
     * Impeachment
          + Complete coverage of the impeachment proceedings
          + Schumer sends letter to set framework for impeachment trial
          + Trump says Democrats are "trivializing impeachment"
          + House Judiciary Committee approves impeachment and sends to
            House
          + Watch the public impeachment hearings
          + Read the articles of impeachment against Trump
          + House lawyers spar over arguments for and against impeachment
          + Legal experts debate impeachment at Judiciary hearing
          + Democrats release impeachment report, accusing Trump of abuse
            of power
          + House Republicans defend Trump over Ukraine in impeachment
            report
     * Shows
          + CBS This Morning
          + CBS Evening News
          + 60 Minutes
          + Face The Nation
          + Sunday Morning
          + 48 Hours
          + CBSN Originals
          + NCIS: The Cases They Can't Forget
          +
     * Live
          + logo-cbsn-1920x1080-new.jpg Latest headlines
          + logo-cbsn-bayarea-1920x1080.jpg CBSN Bay Area
          + logo-cbsn-boston-1920x1080.jpg CBSN Boston
          + logo-cbsnla-1920x1080-new.jpg CBSN Los Angeles
          + placeholder.jpg CBSN Minnesota
          + logo-cbsnny-1920x1080-new.jpg CBSN New York
          + cbs-sports-hq.png CBS Sports HQ
          + ET Live Logo (747x420) ET Live
          +
     * LIVE
     * More
          +
               o Latest
               o Video
               o Photos
               o Podcasts
               o In Depth
               o Local
          +
               o Log In
               o Alerts
               o Mobile
               o RSS
               o Shop
     * Search (BUTTON) Search: ____________________

   Live

   Watch CBSN Live
   (BUTTON)

In one corner of U.S., trade wars aren't that "easy to win"

     *
     *
     *

   By Rachel Layne

   November 18, 2019 / 2:50 PM / MoneyWatch

   York County, Pennsylvania, nestled along the Mason-Dixon line at the
   Maryland border about 50 miles west of Philadelphia, has a central
   place in U.S. history. The Continental Congress met there to draft the
   new nation's founding documents in 1777 and 1778.

   Now, the county is a snapshot of contemporary America, with its borders
   encompassing farms, factories, suburban malls and city life. One in
   five adults in York County work in manufacturing, about twice the state
   average. The county's top agriculture products include soybeans and
   hogs, while downtown York City is home to a rising number of
   entrepreneurs.

   And like the rest of the country, all of them have had to adjust to the
   U.S. trade war with China, a conflict President Donald Trump once
   declared "easy to win." Other big changes in trade, including the wait
   for the new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement (USMCA) trade agreement and
   lingering impacts from Chinese and European counter-tariffs, have
   multiplied the challenges.

Trending News

     * Transgender worker suing Nike for $1.1M cites pronoun abuse
     * Deadline looms for claiming $125 from Equifax
     * Warren's wealth tax: Who pays and how much?
     * U.S. Steel to lay off 1,500 and close factories near Detroit
     * The highest-paid YouTube stars of 2019, according to Forbes

   Though China and the U.S. declared a temporary truce in the trade war
   in early October and are working on a "phase one" deal, it's still not
   clear whether a full armistice will happen any time soon. President
   Trump last week said if a deal isn't reached, the U.S. would likely
   raise tariffs even more.

   York County "really is ground zero for this, the tariffs," Kevin
   Schreiber, CEO of the York County Economic Alliance, told CBS
   MoneyWatch. "There are real people behind these numbers. And you know,
   there are real families impacted."

Absorbing the costs of higher tariffs

   If you have a sweet tooth, you'll know York County as the birthplace of
   the York Peppermint Pattie. If you're in manufacturing, you'll
   recognize it as the home of York brand heating and cooling systems.
   26815726464-2fc59a7d62-m.jpg York County, Pennsylvania, has prospered
   through four centuries of change, and today is a snapshot of the modern
   American economy, with manufacturing, farming, suburban malls and city
   life all within its borders.  jimmywayne

   So far, York County's manufacturers seem to be shouldering the costs of
   paying higher tariffs on the supplies they need to make their goods,
   despite a nationwide manufacturing slump blamed at least in part on the
   trade war. The county's unemployment rate, though creeping
   higher, averaged 3.6% in the nine months through September — close to
   the historically low rate nationwide. And the housing market is still
   growing.

   But there's anxiety among York's business owners, farmers, retailers
   and manufacturers.

   JLS Automation, a specialty maker of food and agriculture packaging
   equipment with about 70 employees, has been able to absorb higher
   material costs, CEO Craig Souser told CBS MoneyWatch in October. Some
   expenses since the steel and aluminum tariffs on imports from Canada
   and Mexico have eased since the USMCA was penned last year. (So far,
   only Mexico has approved the USMCA deal.)

   In June, JLS hosted Vice President Mike Pence as part of a tour urging
   Congress to pass the new trade agreement.

   Up to 20% of JLS's specialized machines are exported, mostly to Canada.
   Souser wants the USMCA passed so companies have certainty when it comes
   to the rules, he said. Emotions can run high on both sides of the
   border, with Souser worrying that a Canadian customer angry at U.S.
   policies could turn to Canadian or European competitors to buy
   machines.

   "We will be competitive. We will make our equipment desirable," he
   said. "We just don't want some kind of attack that makes our equipment
   unrealistically unaffordable" or "emotionally unwanted."

Pleading for a break from Washington

   Manufacturers like JLS rely on the skilled labor force that clusters in
   York, said Souser, who grew up in the area. Big companies like Harley
   Davidson, aerospace giant BAE Systems and multinational conglomerate
   Johnson Controls, which bought York heating and cooling in 2005, mean a
   pool of highly skilled workers are nearby. Harley this year expanded
   the local plant by 400 people after shutting U.S. plants elsewhere, a
   relief to locals.

   The workforce is one reason Klinge Corp., the only U.S. company that
   custom-fits large shipping containers with specialized designs and
   temperature controls, stays put in York County even as its bigger
   competitors have all moved overseas.

   Klinge's containers carry everything from pharmaceuticals to oil and
   gas to dairy products. But the basic shell containers needed to
   retrofit the vessels are made exclusively in China and must be
   imported, CEO Allan Klinge said in testimony before the Office of the
   United States Trade Representative in June.

   Trump's tariffs are about to make some of your favorite European
   products a lot pricier

   Klinge, with around 70 employees, is already paying higher metal costs
   stemming from steel and aluminum tariffs imposed last year along with
   other increased costs, like copper parts. Klinge also pays tariffs
   China has slapped on U.S. goods that are shipped there. Up to 80% of
   the company's sales can depend on exports.

   Allan Klinge's Washington plea worked. The 35-year-old family business
   won a rare exemption in September — the shell containers were left off
   the final China tariff list.

   "It was an unsettling experience to go through, to not really know what
   the outcome was going to be, and we're quite happy they removed us,"
   Klinge told CBS MoneyWatch.

   Klinge recently redesigned its containers to be more efficient in a bid
   to lift profits. Instead, even with the tariff exemption, the company
   will use that buffer to absorb costs.

   Another concern moving outside the U.S. would bring: safeguarding
   Klinge's intellectual property.

   "We stay, because we continue to innovate," Allan Klinge said. "And
   it's easier for us to draw qualified engineers and everything else into
   the mix."

How tariffs suddenly "flip the script"

   L2 Brands, a maker of custom insignia hats and clothing in Hanover,
   Pennsylvania, is busy diversifying where it buys blank hats that are
   imported and then custom-embroidered in York County.

   It takes more than 20 steps for the caps to be made by factories in
   Taiwan and China before being shipped home for finishing by skilled
   embroiders. The local workers operate sophisticated machines
   embroidering 15 hats a time, Brandon Wingert, the executive overseeing
   L2's supply chain, told CBS MoneyWatch.

   Only a handful countries, mostly in Asia, have factories with the
   machinery and workforce capable of making the unfinished caps popular
   with L2 customers. After the merger, demand soared, and Wingert looked
   to buy its unfinished hats from outside Taiwan, home to the company's
   main supplier.

   Tariffs on Chinese goods to go into effect at midnight

   Just as L2 shifted about half its production to China in 2018, the
   Trump administration imposed tariffs on items that included caps.
   Wingert said he was able to negotiate lower prices both in China and
   with his Taiwanese supplier, and he plans to further diversify the
   business.

   "Once the tariffs hit, I started to move in another direction," Wingert
   said. "Now, I'd say probably only 30% or 40% are coming out of China.
   So the tariffs have kind of flipped the script."

   All things being equal, including cost, he's shifting more business
   back to his old supplier not just out of loyalty but also "a little bit
   of patriotism, I'll admit," Wingert said. "We follow beyond just what
   our own interests are, as far as the pushing back against China. You
   hear, you read the news, you know, and how they treat people
   politically."

Entrepreneurs hit, too

   Some local retailers are feeling the squeeze from tariffs. Fashion
   designer Victoria Kageni-Woodard opened her clothing shop focused on
   African designs, Gusa by Victoria, in 2016 in downtown York City after
   spending more than a decade operating heavy machinery in the
   construction industry.

   A Kenya native, Kageni-Woodard closed her small startup in February to
   rework her company into a larger business through a group called the
   Philadelphia Fashion Incubator, which helps steer entrepreneurs. Now
   she's grappling with a more complicated question of where to source her
   fabrics and how to expand profitably.

   Because a huge portion of textiles are now made in China, it made sense
   to look there for basic fabrics, Kageni-Woodard said. But when she
   began investigating having sample boxes of clothing, she found that,
   including tariffs, what was once a $100 prototype box of clothing cost
   $170. The 70% increase just adds to the many factors she must consider
   when planning for a new business in the years ahead, even in a
   supportive community like York, she said.

   "As disconcerting as it is, we still have to maintain spaces,
   entrepreneurs, because it is a constantly changing world, even without
   the tariffs," she said. "It just makes it that much more difficult....
   People love my product. But are they going to be loyal enough to stick
   with me?"

   The round of tariffs on imported Chinese goods enacted on Sept. 1
   included trade taxes on 85% of apparel and accessories imported into
   the U.S., according to an analysis from the Peterson Institute for
   International Economics.

Farmers want "a free and fair market"

   China, as a response to Trump's tariffs, also halted imports of
   soybeans, among other agricultural goods. That's sent global prices
   down, hurting even farmers who don't export, said Mark O'Neill,
   communications director for the Pennsylvania Farm Bureau.

   Soybeans, the top crop in York County, were selling at about $10.50 a
   bushel before the first tariffs were announced last year and China then
   stopped buying the U.S. crop as retaliation. The price dropped more
   than 20% to $8.

   Billions in subsidies from the Trump administration are helping U.S.
   farmers pay their bills, but local farmers want to sell into a thriving
   market they can create over years, O'Neill noted.

   Trump announces "phase one" of trade deal with China

   York County farmers received about $4 million of $12 billion in federal
   subsidies distributed nationwide last year. Most were used for soy and
   corn crops, according to U.S. data provided by the Environmental
   Working Group.

   If a proposed "phase one" agreement between China and the U.S. is
   reached in coming weeks, it may include a China promise to buy $40
   billion to $50 billion in agricultural goods from American farmers.
   Still, farm debt is expected to reach a record $416 billion this year,
   up 40% from 2012.

   Most farmers "would prefer not to receive any [federal] payments. They
   would rather earn their money in a fair and free market," O'Neill said.
   The subsidies help pay bills, but didn't "make them whole."

   "So in one way, they were thankful to get what they got because of some
   bills," O'Neill said. "But ultimately they'd rather operate in a free
   and fair market where they're earning their own money and making more
   money doing so."

   First published on November 18, 2019 / 2:50 PM

   © 2019 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved.

World

   More World
   1221-ctm-dickenschristmas-tyab-1997768-640x360.jpg

How Dickens made Christmas what it is today

   Dickens description of Christmas established how we celebrate the
   holiday over 100 years later.
   1H ago
   BRITAIN-ROYALS

Prince Harry, Meghan and Archie are spending "private time" in Canada

   The couple is taking a break from royal duties.
   3H ago
   Immigration Teen Detention Camp Florida

New ICE initiative gathers data on sponsors of migrant children

   ICE says the effort is designed to ensure the safety of migrant minors
   in U.S. custody, but advocates believe it is a move to deport
   undocumented immigrants who try to sponsor their children family
   members.
   4H ago
   empqzqxwoaarp6q.jpg

Carnival cruise ships collide in Mexico, injuring 6

   The slow-moving collision was caught on video by many onlookers.
   16H ago
   NKOREA-MILITARY-NUCLEAR-MISSILE-DIPLOMACY

Long-range missile test from North Korea not expected until 2020

   So far U.S. intelligence is not seeing any preparations for a missile
   launch.
   18H ago
   More in World

U.S.

   More U.S.
   Vegas Deadly Apartment-Fire

6 dead after fire breaks out at apartment complex in Las Vegas

   Another 13 people were injured.
   27M ago
   President Trump Meets With NJ Congressman Jeff Van Drew

White House considers arguing that Trump wasn't impeached

   White House lawyers are considering the argument because Pelosi did not
   immediately deliver articles to the Senate
   37M ago
   1221-ctm-dickenschristmas-tyab-1997768-640x360.jpg

How Dickens made Christmas what it is today

   Dickens description of Christmas established how we celebrate the
   holiday over 100 years later.
   1H ago
   1217-ctm-2020tech-thompson2-1995291-640x360.jpg

The 2020s: What to expect in the next decade

   In the first part of a new series, "CBS This Morning" looks at the
   future of technology with Wired editor-in-chief Nicholas Thompson.
   1H ago
   1221-ctm-wildhorses-blackstone-1997778-640x360.jpg

Wild horses are up for adoption for as little as $25 in California

   The U.S. Forest Service is facilitating the purchasing of the animals,
   who are believed to be descendants of domesticated horses.
   1H ago
   More in U.S.

Politics

   More Politics
   President Trump Meets With NJ Congressman Jeff Van Drew

White House considers arguing that Trump wasn't impeached

   White House lawyers are considering the argument because Pelosi did not
   immediately deliver articles to the Senate
   37M ago
   Trump

Lawmakers locked in impeachment impasse as Trump heads to Florida

   President Trump traveled to Florida Friday evening after a busy week in
   Washington that saw him impeached.
   3H ago
   Immigration Teen Detention Camp Florida

New ICE initiative gathers data on sponsors of migrant children

   ICE says the effort is designed to ensure the safety of migrant minors
   in U.S. custody, but advocates believe it is a move to deport
   undocumented immigrants who try to sponsor their children family
   members.
   4H ago
   Americans Watch As The House Of Representatives Vote On Articles Of
   Impeachment Against President Donald Trump

Highlights from the historic week that Trump was impeached

   How the House voted, what the controversy is over the Senate trial, the
   global response, predictions about the 2020 impact, and more.
   5H ago
   Child Dead Border

DHS watchdog finds no wrongdoing in deaths of 2 migrant children

   Felipe Gómez Alonzo​ died on Christmas Eve last year and Jakelin Amei
   Rosmery Caal Maquin died on December 8.
   5H ago
   More in Politics

Entertainment

   More Entertainment
   BRITAIN-ROYALS

Prince Harry, Meghan and Archie are spending "private time" in Canada

   The couple is taking a break from royal duties.
   3H ago
   1221-satmosession-tylerchilders-busroute-bug-1997804-640x360.jpg

Tyler Childers performs "Bus Route"

   Country star Tyler Childers was born in eastern Kentucky, and was just
   13-years-old when he started writing songs and performing for friends.
   Then he started recording, and in 2017, released "Purgatory," his
   breakthrough album. Now, he's out with "Country Squire," which debuted
   at number one on Billboard's country albums chart and just earned a
   Grammy nomination for Best Country Solo Performance. Tyler Childers
   performs "Bus Route" on Saturday Sessions.
   4H ago 03:35
   1221-satmosession-tylerchilders-countrysquire-bug-1997798-640x360.jpg

Tyler Childers performs "Country Squire"

   Country star Tyler Childers was born in eastern Kentucky, and was just
   13-years-old when he started writing songs and performing for friends.
   Then he started recording, and in 2017, released "Purgatory," his
   breakthrough album. Now, he's out with "Country Squire," which debuted
   at number one on Billboard's country albums chart and just earned a
   Grammy nomination for Best Country Solo Performance. Tyler Childers
   performs "Country Squire" on Saturday Sessions.
   4H ago 03:45
   1221-satmosession-tylerchilders-allyourn-bug-1997793-640x360.jpg

Tyler Childers performs “All Your'n”

   Country star Tyler Childers was born in eastern Kentucky, and was just
   13-years-old when he started writing songs and performing for friends.
   Then he started recording, and in 2017, released "Purgatory," his
   breakthrough album. Now, he's out with "Country Squire," which debuted
   at number one on Billboard's country albums chart and just earned a
   Grammy nomination for Best Country Solo Performance. Tyler Childers
   performs “All Your'n” on Saturday Sessions.
   4H ago 04:01
   Philadelphia 76ers v Miami Heat

Dwyane Wade talks about supporting his LGBTQ child

   "I've watched my son, from day one, become into who she now eventually
   has come into," Wade said. "For me, nothing changes with my love."
   16H ago
   More in Entertainment

Technology

   More Technology
   1217-ctm-2020tech-thompson2-1995291-640x360.jpg

The 2020s: What to expect in the next decade

   In the first part of a new series, "CBS This Morning" looks at the
   future of technology with Wired editor-in-chief Nicholas Thompson.
   1H ago
   FILE PHOTO: Credit reporting company Equifax Inc. offices are pictured
   in Atlanta

Deadline looms for claiming $125 from Equifax

   You want the cash? Or a decade of free credit monitoring through
   Equifax? Here's what to do before January 22 deadline.
   22H ago
   The Boeing CST-100 Starliner spacecraft lifts off from launch complex
   40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral,

Rocket mishap just latest bad news for Boeing

   The airplane and aerospace manufacturer's stock has now lost more than
   $60 billion from its March peak.
   21H ago
   stars-wars-rise-of-skywalker-trailer.png

Fake "Star Wars" movie streams are credit card scams

   Dozens of phony streaming sites purport to show the new "Star Wars"
   movie, but will steal credit card info instead.
   Dec 20
   20191213-01-12.jpg

Toyota unveils enhanced version of humanoid robot

   Automaker says the T-HR3, designed to mirror the movements of a remote
   human operator, could be used in health care
   Dec 19
   More in Technology

Science

   More Science
   The Boeing CST-100 Starliner spacecraft lifts off from launch complex
   40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral,

Boeing Starliner won't dock with space station after glitch

   The Starliner will attempt an automated landing Sunday at White Sands,
   New Mexico.
   2H ago
   The Boeing CST-100 Starliner spacecraft lifts off from launch complex
   40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral,

Rocket mishap just latest bad news for Boeing

   The airplane and aerospace manufacturer's stock has now lost more than
   $60 billion from its March peak.
   21H ago
   NETHERLANDS-CLIMATE-CHANGE-STRIKE-GLOBAL-WEEK

Court rules in landmark climate change case

   The Dutch government must cut greenhouse gas emissions by 25% by the
   end of 2020 to protect its citizens from the effects of climate change.
   Dec 20
   pia23499-hires.jpg

NASA's Mars 2020 rover completes its first test drive

   "The next time the Mars 2020 rover drives, it will be rolling over
   Martian soil," NASA said.
   Dec 19
   atmospheric-river-forect-2019-12-18.jpg

Atmospheric river expected to slam West Coast

   For most, dreams of a white Christmas will remain just that.
   17H ago
   More in Science

Health

   More Health
   American Currency in a Prescription Drug Bottle

Importing drugs from Canada won't lower prices in U.S.: experts

   White House faces opposition from Canadian government and drugmakers,
   while many drugs would be excluded
   21H ago
   hard-boiled-egg.jpg

Deadly listeria outbreak tied to hard-boiled eggs

   Seven people in five states infected after eating contaminated food,
   with one person dying and four hospitalized.
   Dec 20
   untitled-collage-21.jpg

Man who plays Santa gets life-changing cochlear implant

   Mark Woodmansee loved playing Santa for more than 40 years – then it
   became difficult to hear what kids wanted for Christmas.
   Dec 19
   Downloading the last file and then I'm done!

Long work hours linked to high blood pressure

   Employees who work 49 or more hours per week have a much higher risk of
   developing hypertension, study shows.
   Dec 19
   african american woman vaping and exhaling cloud of smoke

Facebook and Instagram to ban e-cig promotion

   They are updating their policies after a U.K. tobacco giant was banned
   from promoting e-cigs on Instagram.
   Dec 18
   More in Health

MoneyWatch

   More MoneyWatch
   U.S. Steel Announces Idling Of Three Plants Due To Weakening Of Demand

U.S. Steel to lay off 1,500 and close factories near Detroit

   The company is closing a facility that serves the auto industry and
   moving some work to Gary, Indiana
   20H ago
   American Currency in a Prescription Drug Bottle

Importing drugs from Canada won't lower prices in U.S.: experts

   White House faces opposition from Canadian government and drugmakers,
   while many drugs would be excluded
   21H ago
   FILE PHOTO: Credit reporting company Equifax Inc. offices are pictured
   in Atlanta

Deadline looms for claiming $125 from Equifax

   You want the cash? Or a decade of free credit monitoring through
   Equifax? Here's what to do before January 22 deadline.
   22H ago
   Democratic Presidential Candidates Attend "Union For All" Summit In Los
   Angeles

Joe Biden: "We should unionize McDonald's"

   Former vice president joins other Democratic contenders in backing
   workers at the largest fast-food chain.
   22H ago
   The Boeing CST-100 Starliner spacecraft lifts off from launch complex
   40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral,

Rocket mishap just latest bad news for Boeing

   The airplane and aerospace manufacturer's stock has now lost more than
   $60 billion from its March peak.
   21H ago
   More in MoneyWatch

Crime

   More Crime
   1221-ctm-sacoolascharged-tyab-1997708-640x360.jpg

Crime

U.S. woman charged in death of Harry Dunn

   The wife of an American official now formally charged in the death of a
   British teenager is refusing to return to Britain to face trial. Anne
   Sacoolas fled after she was accused of causing a crash that killed
   19-year-old motorcyclist Harry Dunn. Imtiaz Tyab spoke with the
   victim's family.
   6H ago 01:36
   missing-mom-elq7qtbwsaa9nc4.jpg

Missing Texas mom found dead, officials say

   Heidi Broussard and her infant daughter went missing on December 12.
   15H ago
   Steelers Browns Football

Steelers cut safety Kameron Kelly following bar arrest

   The 23-year-old Kelly was charged with two counts of making terroristic
   threats and one count of resisting arrest after authorities said he
   became combative after refusing to leave Mario's South Side Saloon
   early Friday.
   15H ago
   Top Political Leaders Attend NRA Annual Meeting In Louisville

Ex-Kentucky governor defends pardon of convicted child rapist

   "Trust me, if you have been repeatedly sexually violated as a small
   child by an adult, there are going to be repercussions of that
   physically and medically," former Governor Matt Bevin said.
   16H ago
   Tampa Bay Rays v Baltimore Orioles

Baltimore to become first city monitored by surveillance planes

   The pilot program will begin in May 2020.
   17H ago
   More in Crime

Space

   More Space
   The Boeing CST-100 Starliner spacecraft lifts off from launch complex
   40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral,

Boeing Starliner won't dock with space station after glitch

   The Starliner will attempt an automated landing Sunday at White Sands,
   New Mexico.
   2H ago
   The Boeing CST-100 Starliner spacecraft lifts off from launch complex
   40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Cape Canaveral,

Boeing Starliner makes first launch, but hits snag

   The unpiloted test flight could lay the groundwork for Boeing to launch
   a crew to the space station in 2020.
   Dec 20
   pia23499-hires.jpg

NASA's Mars 2020 rover completes its first test drive

   "The next time the Mars 2020 rover drives, it will be rolling over
   Martian soil," NASA said.
   Dec 19
   121719-starlienr-pad.jpg

Boeing Starliner ready for historic test flight

   NASA hopes to end reliance on Russian Soyuz ferry ships and transport
   astronauts on U.S. crew capsules.
   Dec 17
   121619-file.jpg

SpaceX launches Falcon 9 with communications satellite

   The new satellite will provide high-speed commercial and government
   communications across the Asia-Pacific region.
   Dec 16
   More in Space

Latest Galleries

   More Latest Galleries
   6

New on Netflix, Amazon, Disney+, Hulu and More

   Shows and movies you'll want to stream soon.
   21H ago 25 photos
   overboard-nqyxyk.jpg

The biggest movies of 2019

   These films were the year's 50 biggest money-makers at the domestic box
   office.
   Dec 17 50 photos
   2019 Kennedy Center Honors

Photos: Kennedy Center Honors 2019

   This year's honorees are: Actress Sally Field, singer Linda Ronstadt,
   disco-funk band Earth Wind and Fire, conductor Michael Tilson Thomas
   and long-running children's TV show "Sesame Street."
   Dec 15 23 photos
   nfr-2019-prince-in-purple-rain.jpg

2019 additions to the National Film Registry

   "Purple Rain," "Amadeus," "Platoon" and "Coal Miner's Daughter" are
   among the classic films to be preserved for future generations by the
   Library of Congress
   Dec 11 27 photos
   The White House Previews Decor For The Holiday Season

Photos: White House Christmas decorations

   The White House says this year's theme, "The Spirit of America," is "a
   tribute to the traditions, customs, and history that make our Nation
   great."
   Dec 9 21 photos
   More in Latest Galleries

Popular

   More Popular
   master-raisingboys-1920x1080-thumbnail-1989858-640x360.jpg

Popular

CBSN Originals | Speaking Frankly: Raising Boys

   Now that the #MeToo movement has brought conversations about toxic
   masculinity and sexual consent to the forefront of public discourse,
   parents are grappling with how to encourage their sons to reject some
   of the more traditional notions of manhood. But many say they struggle
   with reinforcing those values in a society that still largely adheres
   to deeply-rooted stereotypes. It raises the question: How do we raise
   our boys?
   Dec 9 23:31
   cbsn-fusion-dnc-announces-criteria-to-qualify-for-next-debate-thumbnail
   -430427-640x360.jpg

DNC announces criteria to qualify for next debate

   The Democratic National Committee announced Friday what criteria
   candidates need to meet to qualify for the next debate. Sarah
   Ewall-Wice, CBS News associate producer for the political unit, joined
   CBSN with more on the latest from the 2020 race.
   updated 17M ago 08:01
   1220-cbsn-sponsoredsegment-swimwear-1997211-640x360.jpg

Turning plastic bottles into swimwear

   A pair of siblings have "upcycled" more than 500,000 plastic bottles to
   create eco-friendly swimwear.
   Dec 20 03:26
   1219-sponsor-uplift-veterantoys-1996531-640x360.jpg

80-year-old vet makes toys for kids

   For the past 50 years, Jim Annis has been hand-carving hundreds of toys
   each holiday season. He donates them all to children who might not be
   getting gifts for Christmas – a cause close to his heart.
   Dec 19 01:52
   1221-satmosession-tylerchilders-busroute-bug-1997804-640x360.jpg

Tyler Childers performs "Bus Route"

   Country star Tyler Childers was born in eastern Kentucky, and was just
   13-years-old when he started writing songs and performing for friends.
   Then he started recording, and in 2017, released "Purgatory," his
   breakthrough album. Now, he's out with "Country Squire," which debuted
   at number one on Billboard's country albums chart and just earned a
   Grammy nomination for Best Country Solo Performance. Tyler Childers
   performs "Bus Route" on Saturday Sessions.
   4H ago 03:35
   More in Popular

   Copyright © 2019 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.

   Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes.

   Market data provided by ICE Data Services. ICE Limitations. Powered and
   implemented by FactSet. News provided by The Associated Press. Legal
   Statement.

     * Privacy Policy
     * CA Privacy/Info We Collect
     * CA Do Not Sell My Info
     * Ad Choice
     * Terms of Use
     * Mobile User Agreement
     * About
     * Advertise
     * Closed Captioning
     * CBS News Store
     * Site Map
     * Contact Us
     * Help

     *
     *
     *
     *

   View CBS News In
     * CBS News app logo CBS News App Open
     * Chrome browser logo Chrome Safari browser logo Safari Continue
